Add link to GitLab version of the lesson in README (#429)
carpentries-incubator/python-intermediate-development: README.md

please let the lesson developers know by opening an [issue](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/python-intermediate-development/issues/new?assignees=&labels=pilot&template=lesson-pilot-issue-template.md&title=) with your workshop details and a
label ![pilot](https://shields.io/badge/-pilot-31E930).

## GitLab version of this lesson

> This lesson uses GitHub. Here is [a (bit outdated but usable) version of this lesson using GitLab](https://github.com/esciencecenter-digital-skills/python-intermediate-development-gitlab).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is [a (bit outdated but usable) version of this lesson using GitLab](https://github.com/esciencecenter-digital-skills/python-intermediate-development-gitlab).
```
